fix(router): server-side-data-fetching when using basehref (#997)
analogjs/analog: apps/docs-app/docs/features/deployment/overview.md

  ],
});
```

> ## Deploying to a non root url

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deploying with a Custom URL Prefix
```

> If you are deploying to a non-root URL, https://domain.com/`basehref`/ you must do these steps for [server-side-data-fetching](https://analogjs.org/docs/features/data-fetching/server-side-data-fetching), [html markup and assets](https://angular.io/api/common/APP_BASE_HREF), and [dynamic api routes](https://analogjs.org/docs/features/api/overview) to work correctly on the specified `basehref`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are deploying with a custom URL prefix, such as https://domain.com/`basehref`/ you must do these steps for [server-side-data-fetching](https://analogjs.org/docs/features/data-fetching/server-side-data-fetching), [html markup and assets](https://angular.io/api/common/APP_BASE_HREF), and [dynamic api routes](https://analogjs.org/docs/features/api/overview) to work correctly on the specified `basehref`.
```

1. Instruct Angular on how recognize and generate URLs. Create a new file `app.config.env.ts`.

```ts
import { ApplicationConfig } from '@angular/core';
import { APP_BASE_HREF } from '@angular/common';

export const envConfig: ApplicationConfig = {
  providers: [{ provide: APP_BASE_HREF, useValue: '/basehref/' }],
};
```

2. Update the `app.config.ts` file to use the new file.

```ts
import { mergeApplicationConfig } from '@angular/core';
import { envConfig } from './app.config.env';

export const appConfig = mergeApplicationConfig(envConfig, {
....
});
```

3. In CI production build

```bash
  # sets the base url for server-side data fetching
  export VITE_ANALOG_PUBLIC_BASE_URL="https://domain.com/basehref"
  # prefixes all assets and html with /basehref/
  npx nx run appname:build:production --baseHref='/basehref/'
```

4. In production containers specify the env flag `NITRO_APP_BASE_URL`.

```bash
NITRO_APP_BASE_URL="/basehref/"
```

> given a `vite.config.ts` file similar to this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given a `vite.config.ts` file similar to this:
```

```ts
    plugins: [
      analog({
        apiPrefix: 'api',
```

> Nitro will prefix all api routes with `/basehref/api`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nitro prefixes all API routes with `/basehref/api`.
```
